nobody can resist onion rings and these
old-fashioned onion rings are simply
scrumptious one Allrecipes member named
genie who submitted this recipe says
this is an actual recipe from a former
employee of a popular drive-in
restaurant crispy coated onion rings
like the pros make you'll need a deep
fryer for this recipe let's start by
heating one quart of oil in the fryer to
three hundred and sixty-five degrees
you'll need a deep fry thermometer while
the oil is heating slice one large onion
into slices now separate the onion
slices into rings
then in a flat bowl add together one and
a quarter cups of all-purpose flour a
teaspoon of baking powder
a teaspoon of salt
and blend these
next dip each onion ring into the flour
mixture and coat them fully
now add in a cup of milk to the flour
and mix it with a fork then beat in an
egg to make a batter
then dip the floured onion rings into
the batter set up a wire draining rack
using aluminum foil or a baking pan as a
base to catch any drips and set them on
the wire rack to drip when all the rings
are battered or dried breadcrumbs into a
shallow pan or dish now lay the battered
onion rings onto the crumbs and scoop
the crumbs over the rings to coat get
each ring a hard tap as you remove it
from the crumbs to shake off any loose
crumbs the coating should really cling
to the onion rings
once you've breaded all the rings deep
fry them
until each ring is golden brown let the
rings drink briefly on paper towel serve
them while they're warm mMmmm
old fashioned onion rings just like the
ones you get at the drive-in only better
because you made them at home